this work the first fist stati has found
in a month life is hard for Palestinian
refugees in Lebanon and they're
expecting it to get worse as Israel
demands the closure of their Lifeline
the UN agency
unwa without unra I can't afford to put
my four children into school
Palestinians are denied rights and
services in
Lebanon nearly 40,000 Palestinian
children are being educated because of
the agency a decision by some donors to
suspend funds following accusations by
Israel that a number of staff were
involved in the October 7 attacks is
threatening the agency's operations and
not just in Gaza the decision now to
suspend funding for for Ona will have
serious consequences on this community
and of course the human impact could be
catastrophic Palestinians don't have
access to lebanon's public system so
they rely on unwa for basic services
like healthcare it's also the largest
employer of refugees it has at least
3,000 on its staff now many people feel
their future is
uncertain I am one of many who won't be
able to afford health care my wife would
die she has cancer and kidney problems
the fear of unas collapse is not new
refugees believe it's been Israel's
strategy to put an end to their rights
as
refugees refugees are concerned about
un's future not just because of
humanitarian reasons for Palestinians
the agency has political significance it
may not have the mandate to secure their
right to return to their Homeland but it
was created to provide them with
assistance pending a solution to their
plight Israel's war on Gaza is being
felt
here many have lost family members and
many believe their lives in Exile may
become permanent
Israel wants to destroy Gaza to push the
Palestinians out and they never will
allow us to
return for many here the attack on unaa
is about ending their status as refugees
for good zenah Al jaaz Northern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alaz